docs: add security chapter to the documentation (#14713)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/security/issues.rst

.. _security:

Reporting security issues
-------------------------

Weblate’s development team is strongly committed to responsible reporting and
disclosure of security-related issues. We have adopted and follow policies that
are geared toward delivering timely security updates to Weblate.

Most normal bugs in Weblate are reported to our public `GitHub issues tracker
<https://github.com/WeblateOrg/weblate/issues>`_, but due to the sensitive

> nature of security issues, we ask that they not be publicly reported in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nature of security issues, we ask them not to be publicly reported in this
```
